# Amazon-Alexa-Skills
'use strict';
var Alexa = require('alexa-sdk');

var APP_ID = "amzn1.ask.skill.fef8604d-769a-4ca1-9104-71351ce02e7b";

var SKILL_NAME = "Dota Agility Heros Facts";
var GET_FACT_MESSAGE = "Here's your fact: ";
var HELP_MESSAGE = "You can say tell me a dota agility hero fact, or, you can say exit... What can I help you with?";
var HELP_REPROMPT = "What can I help you with?";
var STOP_MESSAGE = "Goodbye!";

var data = [
            "ANTI-MAGE is a Melee, Carry, Escape and a Nuker. Antimage has 4 spells. The first spell is Mana Break, which Burns an opponent's mana on each attack. Mana Break deals 60% of the mana burned as damage to the target. Mana Break is a Unique Attack Modifier, and does not stack with other Unique Attack Modifiers. The second spell is Blink, which allows Short distance teleportation that allows Anti-Mage to move in and out of combat. The third spell is Spell Shield, which Increases Anti-Mage's resistance to magic damage. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter. The ultimate is Mana Void, For each point of mana missing by the target unit, damage is dealt to it and surrounding enemies. The main target is also mini-stunned.",

            "DROW RANGER is a Ranged, Carry, Disabler and a Pusher. Drow Ranger has 4 spells. The first spell is Frost Arrows, which Adds a freezing effect to Drow's attacks, slowing enemy movement. Lasts 1.5 seconds on Heroes, and 7 seconds on creeps. The second spell is Gust, which Releases a wave that silences and knocks back enemy units. Knockback distance is relative to how close they are to you. The third spell is Precision Aura, which Adds bonus damage to the physical attack of allied, ranged Hero units based on a percentage of Drow's agility. Affects creeps for 30 seconds when cast. The ultimate is Marksmanship, where Drow's experiences in battle improve her accuracy and effectiveness in combat, providing a passive bonus to Agility. Grants no bonus if there are enemy heroes within 400 range. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "JUGGERNAUT is a Melee, Carry, Pusher and an Escaper. Juggernaut has 4 spells. The first spell is Blade Fury, which Causes a bladestorm of destructive force around Juggernaut, rendering him immune to magic and dealing damage to nearby enemy units. Lasts 5 seconds. DISPEL TYPE: Basic Dispel. The second spell is Healing Ward, Summons a Healing Ward which heals all nearby allied units, based on their max health. The Healing Ward moves at 420 movement speed after being summoned. Lasts 25 seconds. The third spell is Blade Dance, which Gives Juggernaut a chance to deal double damage on each attack. The ultimate is Omnislash, where Juggernaut leaps towards the target enemy unit with a damaging attack, and then slashes other nearby enemy units, dealing between 200-225 damage per slash. Juggernaut is invulnerable for the duration. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "MIRANA is a Ranged, Carry, Support, Escape, Nuker and a Disabler. Mirana has 4 spells. The first spell is Starstorm, which Calls down a wave of meteors to damage nearby enemy units. The closest enemy unit to Mirana in a 425 radius will be struck a second time for 75% of the damage. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter. The second spell is Sacred Arrow, which Fires a long-range arrow with deadly precision, which stuns and damages the first enemy unit it strikes. The stun duration ranges from 0.01 to 5 seconds, with bonus damage up to 140 added, based on the distance the arrow travels to its target. Instantly kills the first non-ancient creep it hits. The third spell is Leap, where Mirana leaps forward into battle, empowering allied units with a ferocious roar that grants bonus attack and movement speed. Speed bonus lasts 5 seconds. The ultimate is Moonlight Shadow, which Turns Mirana and all allied heroes invisible. If a hero is revealed, invisibility will restore after the fade delay as long as Moonlight Shadow's duration has not expired.",
            "MORPHLING is a Ranged, Carry, Escape, Durable, Nuker and a Disabler. Morphling has 5 spells. The first spell is Waveform, where Morphling dissolves into liquid and surges forward, damaging enemy units in his path. Morphling is invulnerable during Waveform. The second spell is Adaptive Strike, which Launches a surge of water toward an enemy unit, stunning the target while dealing base damage plus additional damage based on Morphling's agility times a multiplier. If Morphling's agility is 50% higher than strength, the maximum damage and the minimum stun is dealt. If his strength is 50% higher than his agility, the maximum stun and minimum damage are dealt. The third spell is Morph (Agility Gain), where Morphling shifts its form, pulling points from Strength and pouring them into Agility. The process is reversible. Additional points in Morph increase the rate of stat change. Passively grants bonus Agility. The fourth spell is Morph (Strength Gain), where Morphling shifts its form, pulling points from Agility and pouring them into Strength. The process is reversible. Additional points in Morph increase the rate of stat change. Passively grants bonus Strength. The ultimate is Replicate, where Morphling replicates any hero, friend or foe, dealing the original Hero's outgoing damage while taking 100% of any incoming damage. At any time, Morphling can instantly take the position of the Replicate for 150 mana. If Morphling dies, the Replicate will expire",

            "PHANTOM LANCER is a Melee, Carry, Escape, Pusher and a Nuker. Phantom Lancer has 4 spells. The first spell is Spirit Lance, which Sends a magical spirit lance to a target enemy unit that damages and slows, while summoning an illusory phantom to attack the unit. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter. The second spell is Doppelganger, where Phantom Lancer briefly vanishes from the battlefield. After 1 second, Phantom Lancer and any of his nearby illusions reappear at a random position within the targeted location, along with two additional doppelgangers. The two added doppelgangers have different properties: one takes normal damage and deals none, while the other takes 600% damage and deals 20% damage. DISPEL TYPE: Basic Dispel. The third spell is Phantom Rush, which When targetting an enemy for an attack, Phantom Lancer quickly charges into range, gaining a temporary agility boost upon reaching the target. Phantom Lancer's illusions also have this ability. The ultimate is Juxtapose, where Phantom Lancer has a chance to fracture his presence, creating an illusion of himself. Illusions also have a chance to fracture further. Illusions created from Phantom Lancer last for 8 seconds, while illusions created from other illusions last 4 seconds.",
            "VENGEFUL SPIRIT is a Ranged, Support, Initiator, Disabler, Nuker and an Escaper. Vengeful Spirit has 4 spells. The first spell is Magic Missile, which Fires a magic missile at an enemy unit, stunning and dealing damage. The second spell is Wave of Terror, where Vengeful Spirit lets loose a wicked cry, weakening the armor of enemies and giving vision of the path ahead. The third spell is Vengeance Aura, where Vengeful Spirit's presence increases the physical damage of nearby friendly units. If Vengeful Spirit is slain, her killer will be possessed with a negative Vengeance Aura, reducing the damage of her killer and its nearby allies until Vengeful Spirit revives. The ultimate is Nether Swap, which Instantaneously swaps positions with a target Hero, friend or enemy. Nether Swap interrupts channeling abilities on the target. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "RIKI is a Melee, Carry, Escape and a Disabler. Riki has 4 spells. The first spell is Smoke Screen, which Throws down a smoke bomb, silencing enemies, and causing them to miss most attacks, as well as slowing movement. The second spell is Blink Strike, which Teleports behind the target unit, striking for bonus damage if it is an enemy. The third spell is Cloak and Dagger, where Riki fades into the shadows, becoming invisible. Every time Riki strikes his enemy from behind, he deals bonus damage based on his Agility. When Riki attacks, he becomes visible. The ultimate is Tricks of the Trade, which when CHANNELED - Phases out of the world while striking every enemy from behind in a 500 AoE once per second. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",
            "SNIPER is a Ranged, Carry and a Nuker. Sniper has 4 spells. The first spell is Shrapnel, which Consumes a charge to launch a ball of shrapnel that showers the target area in explosive pellets. Enemies are subject to damage and slowed movement. Reveals the targeted area. Shrapnel charges restore every 55 seconds. The second spell is Headshot, where Sniper increases his accuracy, giving him a chance to deal extra damage and briefly stop the movements of his enemies. The third spell is Take Aim, which Extends the attack range of Sniper's rifle. The ultimate is Assassinate, where Sniper locks onto a target enemy unit and, after 2 seconds, fires a devastating shot that deals damage at long range, and mini-stuns the target. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "TEMPLAR ASSASSIN is a Ranged, Carry and an Escaper. Templar Assassin has 5 spells. The first spell is Refraction, where Templar Assassin becomes highly elusive, avoiding damage and gaining a bonus to her damage. The damage and avoidance effects are separate, and have a limited number of instances. The second spell is Meld, where Templar Assassin conceals herself, becoming invisible as long as she remains still. If Meld's invisibility is broken by attacking an enemy, Lanaya will deal bonus damage to the enemy and reduce their armor for 10 seconds. The third spell is Psi Blades, where Templar Assassin's psi blades slice through the attacked unit, splitting and damaging enemy units directly behind it, while gaining bonus attack range. The fourth spell is Trap, which Springs the nearest trap, slowing nearby enemies. The ultimate is Psionic Trap, where Templar Assassin places mystical traps that invisibly monitor enemy movement. When sprung at her command, they exert a slowing influence of 30% in the area. Traps charge up to slow an additional 5% every second, up to 50%.",

            "LUNA is a Ranged, Carry, Nuker and a Pusher. Luna has 4 spells. The first spell is Lucent Beam, Calls a beam of lunar energy down upon an enemy, damaging and briefly stunning them. The second spell is Moon Glaive, where Empowers Luna's glaive, causing her attacks to bounce between enemy units. Deals less damage with each bounce. The third spell is Lunar Blessing, which Increases the damage dealt by attacks from Luna and nearby allied heroes. Luna is also blessed with increased vision range at night. The ultimate is Eclipse, which Showers random nearby enemies with strikes from Luna's current level of Lucent Beam. These beams do not stun their targets, and there is a maximum number of times that a single target can be struck. Also turns day into night for 10 seconds. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "BOUNTY HUNTER is a Melee, Escape and a Nuker. Bounty Hunter has 4 spells. The first spell is Shuriken Toss, which Hurls a deadly shuriken at an enemy unit, dealing damage and mini-stunning the target. The shuriken will bounce between any Tracked units who are within a 1200 radius of each other. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter. The second spell is Jinada, where Bounty Hunter plans his next hit, passively adding a critical strike and maim to his next attack. The third spell is Shadow Walk, where Bounty Hunter becomes invisible and gains the ability to move through other units until he attacks or uses an ability. If he breaks the invisibility with an attack, that attack will deal bonus damage. The ultimate is Track, which Tracks an enemy hero, granting True Sight of the target, and information on how much gold it is carrying. Allies near the hunted are granted bonus movement speed. If the target dies, Bounty Hunter and nearby heroes collect a bonus bounty of gold.",

            "URSA is a Melee, Carry, Jungler, Durable and a Disabler. Ursa has 4 spells. The first spell is Earthshock, where Ursa slams the earth, causing a powerful shock to damage and slow all enemy units in a nearby area for 4 seconds. The second spell is Overpower, which Using his skill in combat, Ursa gains increased attack speed for a number of subsequent attacks. The third spell is Fury Swipes, where Ursa's claws dig deeper wounds in the enemy, causing consecutive attacks to the same enemy to deal more damage. If the same target is not attacked after 15 seconds, the bonus damage is lost. The ultimate is Enrage, where Ursa goes into a frenzy, multiplying his Fury Swipes damage and causing him to take 80% less damage. Removes any existing debuffs. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "GYROCOPTER is a Ranged, Carry, Nuker  and a Disabler. Gyrocopter has 4 spells. The first spell is Rocket Barrage, which Launches a salvo of rockets at nearby enemy units in a radius around the Gyrocopter. Lasts 3 seconds. The second spell is Homing Missile, which Fires a homing missile to seek the targeted enemy unit. The missile gains speed over time, dealing damage and stunning when it impacts the target. Homing Missile deals greater damage the further it has traveled. Enemy units can destroy the missile before it reaches its target. The third spell is Flak Cannon, where Gyrocopter's attacks hit all enemy units in an area around it for a limited number of attacks. Only the main target of attacks will receive attack bonuses such as Critical Strike. Lasts 15 seconds or until the attacks are used. The ultimate is Call Down, which Call down an aerial missile strike on enemy units in a target area. Two missiles arrive in succession, the first dealing major damage and minor slow for 2 seconds; the second dealing minor damage and major slow for 4 seconds. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "LONE DRUID is a Ranged, Carry, Pusher, Jungler and a Durable. Lone Druid has 6 spells. The first is Summon Spirit Bear, which Summons a powerful Spirit Bear companion that can equip items. If the bear moves 1100 distance away from the Lone Druid, it cannot attack. Lone Druid suffers 10% of his max health as backlash damage if the Spirit Bear dies. As the bear increases in levels, it can learn the Return, Entangling Claws, and Demolish abilities. Spirit Bear does not benefit from attributes. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter. The second spell is Rabid, which Increases the attack and movement speed of Lone Druid and the Spirit Bear. The third spell is Savage Roar, where Lone Druid roars fiercely causing nearby enemies to flee towards their base in terror. Their movement speed is increased by 20%. The fourth spell is Battle Cry, which Adds attack damage and armor to the Lone Druid as well as any nearby units under his control. The fifth spell is True Form, where Lone Druid learns to morph himself into a raging bear, losing his ranged advantage and some base movement speed, but gaining melee power as well as the Battle Cry ability. He can morph freely between druid and bear form. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter. The Ultimate is Druid Form, which Return to Druid form. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "NAGA SIREN is a Melee, Carry, Support, Pusher, Disabler, Initiator and an Escaper. Naga Siren has 5 spells. The first spell is Mirror Image, which Creates three images of Naga Siren under her control. DISPEL TYPE: Basic Dispel. The second spell is Ensnare, which Interrupts the target and traps them in place, preventing movement or blinking. The third spell is Rip Tide, where The Naga Siren and her images hit all nearby units with a damaging wave of water that lowers armor for 8 seconds. The fourth spell Is Song of the Siren, where All enemies in range of the Naga Siren are put into a magical stasis where they cannot act or be attacked. Using Song of the Siren again will end the duration early. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter. The ultimate is Song of the Siren End, which Release enemy units from your song so they can be targeted again.",

            "TROLL WARLORD is a Ranged, Carry, Pusher, Disabler and Durable. Troll Warlord has 5 spells. The first spell is Berserker's Rage, which While active, Troll Warlord swaps from using ranged to melee attacks. Melee attacks have a chance to bash, dealing bonus damage and stunning the target. Berserker's Rage also grants additional movement speed, armor, and increased attack speed. Whirling Axes has different functionality while Berserker's Rage is active. The second spell is Whirling Axes (Ranged), when Troll hurls a fistful of five axes in a cone shape over 900 range, slowing and damaging enemy units. The third spell is Whirling Axes (Melee), when Troll hurls two axes around him in a close range area of effect, damaging enemy units and causing them to miss some attacks. The fourth spell is Fervor, With each continuous blow on the same target, Troll gains increased attack speed. If Troll changes targets, the stacks drop to zero. The ultimate is Battle Trance, where Troll's presence on the battlefield increases the attack speed of himself and all allied heroes.",

            "EMBER SPIRIT is a Melee, Carry, Escape, Nuker, Disabler and an Initiator. Ember Spirit has 5 spells. The first spell is Searing Chains, where Ember Spirit unleashes fiery bolas that wrap around nearby enemies, anchoring them in place and dealing damage each second. The second spell is Sleight of Fist, where Ember Spirit dashes around with blazing speed, attacking all enemies in the targeted area of effect, then returning to his start location. Deals bonus damage to heroes, and less damage to creeps. The third spell is Flame Guard, where Ember Spirit surrounds himself with a ring of fire that consumes incoming magic damage, leaving him unharmed. Flame Guard deals damage per second in an area around Ember Spirit while Flame Guard is active. If the shield is broken, the damage is also lost. The fourth spell is Activate Fire Remnant, which Select the Fire Remnant to arrive at. The ultimate is Fire Remnant, where Ember Spirit generates Fire Remnant charges every 35 seconds, with a max of 3 charges. Releasing a charge sends a Fire Remnant that runs to the target location at 2.5x Ember Spirit's speed. Using Activate Fire Remnant, Ember Spirit can dash out to his Remnants, exploding them for area of effect damage. The targeted Remnant will be arrived at last.",
            "MONKEY KING is a Melee, Carry, Escape, Disabler and an Initiator. Monkey king has 7 spells. The first spell is Boundless Strike, where Monkey King enlarges his staff and slams it against the ground, stunning enemies in a line and damaging them with a critical hit based on his attack. Has True Strike. The second spell is Tree Dance, where Monkey King jumps to a tree and perches atop it. While perched, he gains the Primal Spring ability-a channeled leap attack. If Monkey King's tree is destroyed, he falls and is stunned for 4 seconds. Taking damage from player controlled units or Roshan while on the ground puts Tree Dance on cooldown. The third spell is Primal Spring, when Monkey King springs out from his tree perch, damaging and slowing enemies in the area where he lands. Damage and slow amounts are in proportion to channel duration. The fourth spell is Jingu Mastery, when Monkey King's attacks awaken the Jingu Bang's power. Upon the fourth hit on the same enemy hero, Monkey King earns four charged attacks that have bonus damage and lifesteal. The fifth spell is Mischief, Changes Monkey King's shape to deceive opponents, using the environment nearby as inspiration for the disguise. Taking damage, attacking, or using any item or ability breaks Monkey King's disguise. The sixth spell is Revert Form, where Reverts Monkey King's shape to his original form., the ultimate is Wukong's Command, where Monkey King creates a circular formation of soldiers that spread out from his position. If Monkey King leaves the area his soldiers disperse. The soldiers have Monkey King's attack and only target heroes. Monkey King grants bonus armor for the spell's duration.",

            "BLOODSEEKER is a Melee, Carry, Disabler, Jungler, Nuker and an Initiator. BloodSeeker has 4 spells. The first spell is Bloodrage, which Drives a unit into a bloodthirsty rage during which a unit deals, and takes, increased damage. Units affected by Bloodrage will be healed for a percentage of the max health of any units they kill. Units affected by Bloodrage when killed will heal a percentage of their max health to their killer. The second spell is Blood Rite, where Bloodseeker baptizes an area in sacred blood. After 3 seconds the ritual completes, causing any enemies caught in the area to take damage and become silenced. The third spell is Thirst, where Bloodseeker is invigorated by the wounds of his enemies, gaining bonus movement speed and attack damage whenever an enemy hero's health falls below 75%, with the bonuses increasing as their health falls further. If an enemy hero's health falls below 25%, he will also gain vision and True Sight of that hero. Bonuses stack per hero. The ultimate is Rupture, which Causes an enemy unit's skin to rupture. If the unit moves, it takes a percentage of the distance traveled as damage. The damage is dealt through spell immunity. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "SHADOW FIEND is a Ranged, Carry and a Nuker. Shadow Fiend has 4 spells. The First spell is Shadowraze, where Shadow Fiend razes the area in front of him, dealing damage to enemy units in an area. The second spell is Necromastery, where Shadow Fiend steals the soul from units he kills, gaining bonus damage. If the killed unit is a hero, he gains 12 souls. On death, he releases half of them from bondage. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter. The third spell is Presence of the Dark Lord, where Shadow Fiend's presence reduces the armor of nearby enemies. The ultimate is Requiem of Souls, where Shadow Fiend gathers his captured souls to release them as lines of demonic energy. Units near Shadow Fiend when the souls are released can be damaged by several lines of energy. Any unit damaged by Requiem of Souls will have its movement speed and attack damage reduced. Lines of energy are created for every 2 souls captured through Necromastery. Requiem of Souls is automatically cast whenever Shadow Fiend dies, regardless of its cooldown. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "RAZOR is a Ranged, Carry, Durable, Nuker and a Pusher. Razor has 4 spells. The first spell is Plasma Field, which Releases a wave of energetic plasma that grows in power as it expands, but also zaps on contraction, dealing damage to enemy units caught in its path. Damage increases with distance from Razor. The second spell is Static Link, which Creates a charged link between Razor and an enemy Hero, stealing damage from the target and giving it to Razor. The third spell is Unstable Current, where Razor moves with increased speed, and any abilities targeted at him are instantly countered with a jolt of electricity which damages, slows, and purges buffs from enemies. DISPEL TYPE: Basic Dispel. The ultimate is Eye of the Storm, which is A powerful lightning storm strikes out at enemy units with the lowest health, dealing damage and reducing their armor. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "VENOMANCER is a Ranged, Support, Nuker, Initiator, Pusher and a Disabler. Venomancer has 4 spells. The first is Venomous Gale, which Launches a ball of venom in a line, poisoning enemy units so that they take both initial damage and damage over time, as well as suffering slowed movement. Venomous Gale deals damage every 3 seconds over its duration. The second is Poison Sting, which Adds poison damage to Venomancer's normal attacks, slowing movement speed. The third is Plague Ward, which Summons a plague ward to attack enemy units and structures. The ward is immune to magic. Wards gain the Poison Sting level from Venomancer, dealing 50% of the full damage. The ultimate is Poison Nova, which is A spreading ring of poison that does damage over time to enemy units around Venomancer. Poison Nova cannot deal lethal damage; targets will be left with at least 1 health. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "FACELESS VOID is a Melee, Carry, Initiator, Disabler, Escape and Durable. Faceless void has 4 spells. The first spell is Time Walk, Rushes to a target location while backtracking any damage taken the last 2 seconds. The second spell is Time Dilation, where Faceless Void traps all nearby enemies in a time dilation field for 6 seconds, freezing their cooldowns and slowing their movement and attack speed by 14% for each cooldown frozen. The third spell is Time Lock, which Adds the chance for an attack to lock an enemy unit in time, stunning it and dealing bonus damage. The ultimate is Chronosphere, which Creates a blister in spacetime, trapping all units caught in its sphere of influence and causes you to move very quickly inside it. Only Faceless Void and any units he controls are unaffected. Invisible units in the sphere will be revealed. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "PHANTOM ASSASSIN is a Melee, Carry and an Escaper. Phantom Assassin has 4 spells. The first spell is Stifling Dagger, which Throws a dagger slowing the enemy unit's movement speed, dealing 65+25% of Phantom Assassin's attack damage as physical damage and applying attack effects from items and abilities. The second spell is Phantom Strike, which Teleports to a unit, friendly or enemy, and grants bonus attack speed while attacking if it's an enemy unit. The third spell is Blur, where Phantom Assassin focuses inward, increasing her ability to evade enemy attacks, and allowing her to blur her body to disappear from the enemy team's minimap when far from enemy heroes. Stacks diminishingly with other sources of Evasion. The ultimate is Coup de Grace, where Phantom Assassin refines her combat abilities, gaining a chance of delivering a devastating critical strike to enemy units. Stifling Dagger shares the same critical strike chance.",

            "VIPER is a Ranged, Carry, Durable, Initiator and a Disabler. Viper has 4 spells. The first spell is Poison Attack, which Intensifies Viper's venom, adding an effect to his normal attack that slows attack and movement speed while dealing damage over time. The second spell is Nethertoxin, where Nethertoxin causes Viper's normal attack to deal bonus damage to units based on how much health they are missing. The bonus damage doubles for each 20% of health missing from the target. Nethertoxin deals half damage to creeps and buildings. The third spell is Corrosive Skin, where Viper exudes an infectious toxin that damages and slows any enemy that damages it in a 1400 radius. The acid exudate also increases Viper's resistance to magic. The ultimate is Viper Strike, where Viper slows the targeted enemy unit's movement and attack speed while also dealing poison damage over time. The slowing effect reduces over the duration of the poison. Upgradable by Aghanim's Scepter.",

            "CLINKZ is a Ranged, Carry, Escape and a Pusher. Clinks has 4 spells, the first spell is Strafe, where Clinkz attacks with a barrage of arrows. Dramatically increases attack speed for a short time. The second spell is Searing Arrows, which Imbues Clinkz's arrows with fire for extra damage. The third spell is Skeleton Walk, where Clinkz moves invisibly through units until the moment he attacks or uses an ability. The ultimate is Death Pact, where Clinkz consumes the target friendly or enemy creep, gaining a percent of its hitpoints as max health and damage.",

];

exports.handler = function(event, context, callback) {
    var alexa = Alexa.handler(event, context);
    alexa.APP_ID = APP_ID;
    alexa.registerHandlers(handlers);
    alexa.execute();
};

var handlers = {
    'LaunchRequest': function () {
        this.emit('GetNewFactIntent');
    },
    'GetNewFactIntent': function () {
        var factArr = data;
        var factIndex = Math.floor(Math.random() * factArr.length);
        var randomFact = factArr[factIndex];
        var speechOutput = GET_FACT_MESSAGE + randomFact;
        this.emit(':tellWithCard', speechOutput, SKILL_NAME, randomFact)
    },
    'AMAZON.HelpIntent': function () {
        var speechOutput = HELP_MESSAGE;
        var reprompt = HELP_REPROMPT;
        this.emit(':ask', speechOutput, reprompt);
    },
    'AMAZON.CancelIntent': function () {
        this.emit(':tell', STOP_MESSAGE);
    },
    'AMAZON.StopIntent': function () {
        this.emit(':tell', STOP_MESSAGE);
    }
};
